Statuses Page.md (#83)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: core/back-office/shop-parameters/order-settings/Statuses Page.md

## **Specification of the Statuses Page**
The Statuses page has:

- **2 lists for the order statuses for the return statuses,**
-   **the add new order status button,**
-   **the add new return status button.**

# **Order statuses**

The **order statuses** list displays all the order statuses with their :

*   **Id,**
*   **name with their color label,**
*   **icon (to be removed after migration since it is not used anymore),**
*   **send email to the customer,**

> *   **delivery,**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **In transit,**
```

*   **Allow a customer to download and view PDF versions of their invoice.** If enabled, the invoice can be downloadable in the  Order History page in the Front Office.
*   **Hide this state in all customer orders.** If enabled, the status is hidden in the Order History page in the Front Office.
*   **Send an e-mail to the customer when his/her order status has changed**. 

When **enabled**, a** drop-down menu appears on the bottom of the option** to let you choose which mail template to use for the sending email. 

**A preview button** is available to preview the email that is going to be sent.

*   **Attach invoice PDF to an email**. Send an email to the customer with the invoice in PDF format attached.
*   **Attach a delivery slip PDF to an email**. Send an email to the customer with the delivery slip in PDF format attached.
*   **Set the order as shipped.** Be careful: once an order is set as "shipped", it cannot be set back to the previous status.
*   **Set the order as paid.** Same here: once an order is set as "paid", it cannot be set back to the previous status.

> *   **Show delivery PDF.** Displays the delivery PDF. **(Need an investigation of the impact on the core, the wording seems wrong. The option is more telling that the label impact the product location,as to say that the product is out of the stock)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **Set the order as in transit.** At this point, the order neither is in the merchant's warehouses nor in the client's mailbox. Delivery has started and the package is in transit - the label impacts the product location and states the product is now out-of-stock.
```
